You work for PerfectSoftware Pty Ltd., a company with 150 employees that has one very successful product used by roughly 10,000 people. The application allows users to manipulate personal data, store documents in the cloud, work collaboratively in dynamically created groups, and keep track of tasks, deadlines, objectives, milestones, etc.

The target market for the product are companies that have to carry out complex team-based cooperation requiring members to be kept aware of what the rest of the team is doing, but at the same time, show only the relevant information preventing "information overload". The product has been out in the market for some time. The company forecasts a reasonable increase in users over the next years. The application can be hosted in the customer¡¯s infrastructure, or hosted in your company. There are different fees for these modalities.

The name of the company suggest a higher-than average compromise with software quality in this product. You are in charge of designing the required quality procedures so that customers perceive a high quality product. You are allowed to make changes at any organizational level: departments, recruitment, infrastructure, budget, etc.




1.What measures would you deploy and in which context related to "Quality Planning"?

a. Setting quality goals to provide developer with more objective assessments of software performance during
the development process ans system testing.
b. plann designs, code inspections and reviews or other review activity.
c. plann software tests(unit, integration or whole system) with complete list of tests,
or acceptance tests for external software.
d. specify configuration management tools and procedures(include change-control procedures).



2.what measures would you deploy and in which context related to "Quality Assurance"?

a. Decide a certain level of performance of software would meet the requirement over the next years.
b. Initiating and managing activities to improve and increase the efficiency of system maintenance while
increasing number of people using the system in different enviroment.



3.What measures would you deploy and in which context related to "Quality Control"?

Quality control is defined as a set of activities designed to evaluate the quality of a developed or manufactured product.
quality control inspection and other relevant activities take place as the development or manufacturing of the product
is completed yet before the product is shipped to the client
a. run system test during each milestone of the development processes and identify the results,ensure the system function
properly within acceptable range of error.
b. run performance test to ensure meet the required performance while increasing in users over the next years.
c. code and design inspection before deploying into the production enviroment.



4.Would you use Software Requirement Specifications? Where? What for?

Agree with customers and produce requirement documents before starting the project.
a. define the goal and state what the system would look like after finishing the project.
b. describe the software product perspective including functions and constraints,
c. specfiy the functional and performance requirements.
d. state the system attributes: reliability,availability,maintainability,portability.



5. How would measure quality?

Software quality is the degree of conformance to specific functional requirements,
specified software quality standards, and Good Software Engineering Practices.
a. Software Reliability
	Mean time to failure
	Probability of unavailability
	Rate of failure occurrence
b. Availability
	Robustness and Portability
	Time to restart failures
	Percentage of events causing failures
	Probability of data corruption on failure
	Percentage of target-dependent statements
	Number of target systems
c. Working environments
Effect on individual productivity and satisfaction:
Comfort; Privacy; Facilities.
Health and safety: Lighting; Heating; Furniture



6. What measures would you take to improve group working?

a. Team members should all be treated in a comparable way without favourites or discrimination.
b. Different team members have different skills and these differences should be respected.
c. Involve all team members and make sure that people¡¯s views are considered.
d. always be honest about what is going well and what is going badly in a project.
e. define the type of group composition(task-oriented, self-oriented, interaction-oriented)
f. provide space for for interaction and private working.
g. exchange the information of works



7. What is the cost of the measures you are proposing quality? 
Reason based on the following categories: prevention, appraisal, internal failure management, 
external failure management, measurement.
---week1 side page16
A. Cost of executing a project so it is error-free or within an acceptable error range.
B. Cost of evaluating processes and their outputs to ensure quality ,such as evaluate the SRS ,identify the Reliability
and Availability of software product.
C. Cost to correct identified defects before deliverying to the customers.
D. Cost to correct detected errors before deliverying to the customer.
E. Cost of equipments used to perform prevention cost and appraisal cost activities,
such as regular code and design inspection, equipment to carry out the tests, improving working enviroment.
