http://people.cis.ksu.edu/~ganti/mse_sqa.htm

The Software Requirements Specification (SRS),
		Prescribes each of the essential requirements (functions, performances, design constraints and attributes) of the 	software and external interfaces

		Objectively verifies achievement of each requirement by a prescribed method (e.g. Inspection, analysis, demonstration or test)

		Facilitates traceability of requirements specification to product delivery.


 

The Software Design Description/specification (SDD/SDS)

		Depicts how the software will be structured

		Describes the components and sub-components of the software design, including various packages and frameworks, if any.

		Gives an object model that is developed using Rational Rose highlighting the essential classes that would make up the product.

		Gives a sample interaction diagram, showing the key interactions in the application. This should also be a part of the object model.

 

Software Test Plan: Describes the test cases that will be employed to test the product. 

 

Software User Manual (SUM)

		Identify the required data and control inputs, input sequences, options, program limitations or other actions.

		Identify all error messages and describe the associated corrective actions.

		Describe a method for reporting user-identified errors.

 

The following documents will be provided at the end of each phase by the developer:

Phase 1: Objectives
		Project Overview
		Requirements Specification
		Cost analysis
		Project plan
		Software quality assurance plan
		
Phase 2: Architecture
		Implementation Plan
		Formal Requirement Specification
		Architecture design
		Test plan



	
		
manage the different versions
1. developer submit the codes to current development branch.

2. test engineers build a new version and deploy it into alpha test environment, carrying out the system test.

3. when the bugs reduced to a certain level, the system is ready to deploy into beta test environment.

4. testers carry out the acceptance test in the beta, ensure it meet the standard of pre-release.

5. deploy the pre-release version into production environment.

For daily, there is a fresh environment for regression test, ensure the stability of daily works.
developers should also take care the integration test, ensure compatibility of different modules in the
system.