Resource: Documentation about your project

Create a document with the following points to be discussed in class. They all should be written with respect to the open-source project you have chosen. You may share your answers with your team mates, and post about them in the course forum.


1. Think of the quality goals you would like to have in your product. State five of them explicitly together with the procedure to measure its compliance. For example, if reliability is one goal, state how do you plan to measure it.

	a.Portability: install the software on the windows,linux and max osx sucessfully, ensure the online version of the
	system could run on almost browser, such as firefix,chrome,safari etc.Test the main functions of the system on the
	web, compare the result with the destop version.
	b.Usability: measure the time taben by users follow the user's guide, and sucessfully create a model in the tutorial exercise.
	c.Reliability: it should be not fail more than 10 minutes per month during working hours.
	d. Maintainability: react to or fix a bug within a week.
	e. Testability: it provides certain amount of unit test cases for development, log the system running data in files or
	servers and have predefined intermediate results.



2. Quality is achieved in certain part by reviewing the multiple steps during the development process. Describe what do you need to deploy, how would you implement, and what are the objectives of the following procedures: design review, code inspection.
During deveoperment process, there should be people periodly evaluating the certain output of development tasks, such software
requiresments specification, software detail design etc to ensure those documents follow standard, and review the design to ensure meet
the requirements from users and detect any design error or misunderstanding of user requirements before implementation.
During the implementation, code inspection and code-walkthrough after each period of implementation task, try to spot any logical
bug, not good coding style and any missing test cases before deploying into testing environment. During the testing stage,
taking control the progress of testing, periodly report the results of system test cases, the amount of detected bug,
progress of fixing the bugs, and the completion of test cases.



3. Software has to be tested. But the testing can be done at various levels. Provide a definition of three levels of testing and the type of procedures included in each of them. Give examples related to your project.

	a.Regression Testing: testing that previously implemented functionality still functions as expected given newly added 
	features. This will include steps that the tester should follow and results that the tester should observe when done 
	correctly. The tester will then rank the test as a Pass, Failure of the test, Failure of the result, Failure of the 
	specification.
	b.Integration Testing: is the phase in software testing in which individual software modules are combined and tested as 
	a group, takes as its input modules that have been unit tested, groups them in larger aggregates, applies tests defined 
	in an integration test plan to those aggregates, and delivers as its output the integrated system ready for system 
	testing, to detect any inconsistencies between the software units that are integrated together.
	c.System testing: usually done towards the end of a project, integrated system to evaluate the system's compliance with 
	its specified requirements, include functional requirement and system requirement. Test the design of system and 
	behaviour of target users.



4. Enumerate the tools you need to deploy a quality plan. You must include all tools such as management support, change-control, testing, etc.
HP quality center can store requirements of current version and link them to the test cases.
It has a report showing the coverage for user requirements, ensure all the requirements are tested.
Git code repository using branch to manage the different release version of current developed system, such as branching to
development branch, test staging branch, uat branch.
Quality center can manage the testing progress by progress reports, including report the complete percentage of each tested
requirements, the detected bugs with priority, and status of each test cases.